"It would have been simpler just to be miserable.  He wanted that, he
needed that.  Not misery, but simplicity.  Water slipped down his face
and through his hair.  He let his head hang and the water dripped down
the strands that hung in his view.  Being happy again felt like pain."

"made of all the gold
made of all the silver
made of all the wheat
and of all the earth
made of all the water
of the seawaves"

"For the first time ever, I felt like a normal person.  The warden
makes me feel this way.  I want to stay here with him and I hope that
I'm not already too far gone.  I think of what Lenny said, &quot;I
know I'll die young, but it is like kissing God&quot;"

"baby fat blonde the crowds called Sapphire
because it was spelled out behind her
on a black velvet backdrop in sputtering
tubes of violent blue.  It spits static at her
bare back, bites at her skin with electric teeth,
drawing sweat that smells of blood and
friction.  She sways, seductive on rooted feat,
runs a dry tongue over nervous lips and thinks
of chapstick, or warm milk in a plaid thermos."

"Our words swirled with the smudges of charcoal dripping from the sky.
 We'd tasted our beauty as it darted in and out of shadows before, but
never like this.  Human had never truly melted with sky before.  Our
beauty had never flowed so freely, so deeply.  We'd never tasted on
another like this."

"you are dry as crabgrass there is nothing to you
you are crabgrass &amp; vodka on a tray in a lunch room
pointless purgatory of yer inaction &amp; disappointment
you are vapid, inert, poised to do something"

"Outside, the grass was wet with morning dew and the daisies, tulips
and lilies slowly stretched their petals open to embrace the
approaching light.  The quiet void slowly gave way to the sounds of a
new day, the birds, small animals and insects, in their own voices,
announcing the arrival of the sun.  And I despise it."

"i feel a growling beat
i am but a stain
groping for
me
(and the rain
and the door
and a sea in a tree)"
"I wished I felt heartbroken, and the fact that I couldn't made me
sad.  He had a beautiful face, all the elements of it were so wrong,
but he was somehow so perfect.  Maybe I loved him once.  Maybe I loved
him now.  But I knew I hadn't, and I didn't, and so I took a sip of my
coffee, growing cold in my cup."

"People can be very protective of their beliefs.  That's why we
package everything here in metal cans.  Some places will sell you
beliefs wrapped in tissue or plastic -- or even loose off the shelf.
But not at Belief Warehouse."

"keep ya mind open
monopoly has a jail"

"The primacy of poetry as a natural form of brain activity also makes
sense from a functional point of view.  Rhythm and phrasing and tonal
coloring endow thoughts with pleasurable sensory connotations,
allowing them to glide smoothly through neural pathways.  Consider the
fact that your brain can store the lyrics to hundreds of songs, while
you probably couldn't memorize three paragraphs of Immanuel Kant's
<i>Critique of Pure Reason</i> without tremendous effort."
